Pile It UP – Playtesting Summary
Claudia Gajes, Jake Steckel, Ramsey Villarreal, Sidney Mantwill 

During our playtesting survey we asked the players questions that would get us necessary feedback to make our game better.  Below are the following questions that we asked: 
Q1.  How does the game design appear? 
- Good		 Bad		OK
If Q1 choice was Bad or OK, how could the appearance of the game be improved? 

Q2. Is the game objective easy to understand / do you get to succeed in this game? 
Yes, easy to understand 	or	No, it is confusing
Q3. Was the game enjoyable? 	
Yes	No	Somewhat
Q4. How was getting into the flow of this game?
Easy	Intermediate 	Difficult

Q5. Could this game be more challenging?  If so, how? 
Q6. Do you have any other suggestions? 

Overall, we received positive feedback from our players.  Almost all enjoyed the game, liked the design, said it was easy to understand and get a rhythmic feel for.  We took the open-ended feedback that we received and tried to make necessary changes to Pile It UP, that would make the game even better for our players.  Some suggestions we received were: 
Add a scoring system
Add audio
Add a tile counter/score
Include speed variety as the game progresses
Don’t allow blocks to roam off the screen
Possibly add other moving shapes/or more squares in opposite directions
Instructions in the beginning
Move the camera with the stack as the pile grows
Pile It UP as a large-scale project: 
Our final group project for creating this game should be considered as large-scale project due to the multiple layers of creation necessary to bring the game to fruition.  Since this is a 400-level course, this project was supposed to be more complicated than others we have done in previous classes.  Teamwork is necessary for this game in both coding and design aspects.  We used previous software engineering principles to work as a team and allocate the proper amount of time and resources necessary to reach our final version.  We also collaborated and worked as a team to decide what type of game we wanted to create, and what sort of graphical elements we wanted to include.  The game includes several elements of a large-scale project such as terrain, camera scrolling, moving backgrounds, blocks reacting to stacking, sound, start and end screens, etc.



